obviously this has been a public
relations nightmare for NBC and now that
jay leno is moving back to late night
they're going to have five hours of
programming that they have to fill the
minute the Olympics are over which is
not a lot of time the Olympics were over
in six weeks and today well today then
unveiled the new ten o'clock lineup get
ready for an all new lineup on NBC
attend on Monday it's guess what with
Fred Willard hey guess what what that's
what Tuesday if you love diet code you
won't want to miss a minute of Fred
Willard drinks a diet coke then on
Wednesday look out here comes Kupchak
Kupchak oh no i love wednesdays excuse
me miss thursday get your rest on the
nap chronicles lady gaga hey and friday
the all new drama Fred's anatomy hi I'm
dr. Fred check out my uvula haha see it
bout it Swilley all week every week at
tank on NBC
there's not one show there I wouldn't
watch religiously